This file about the problems i have faced while making this proj. and the decsions and solutions i making to slove these.
7/10/2026:
Today i implemented redis caching to my project for batch inserting in database after sometime rather than on every request.
Than i cached the site information in redis too as ever event need to check from db about its site exists or not.

Since there would be multiple sites and every site will be hitting event route multiple time so im gonna use horizonatal scaling(Multiple instances)
to manage that i m gonna use load balancing using nginx

Now  that i wanna implement load balancing for events as there would be a lot of events hitting my db but there are some problems.
i) if we have two server instances calling same redis, but problem arises that when they call lrange to get cached enteries they might call it at the same time before ltrim happened in one instance,
that causes the write in event table to be doubled.

Solution: i): im separating flushing to db from other functionality and keep it separate from others , now if we make multiple instances of a server they all need this flush and flush only occur thorugh this single instance, solving our problem.

After that i make instances of server and use nginx as a loadbalaancer than got another problem and that was in my track.js API endpoint of my ingest route was hardcoded.
so now on multiple instances this causes error as server path is changing
Then i use script = document.currentScript that gives current running script than takes the url of my server using script.src.

7/11/2026

Today i m gonna deploy this proj. right now there are two instances of server and one is a backend service that flushes events into db.
Im gonna use fly.io for this 
For setting this up I have downloaded flyctl than make a dockerfile for this backend server
Proble:
1)
after making container on docker for my backend i run it and an error occured about because .env database_url was pointing at localhost which in docker container points to container not machine

Solution: for testing im gonna use host.docker.internal which inside docker points to machines localhost

Problem: I used command doceker run for my image of server storepulse_backend and it caused 3 different containers to run causing port conflict issues

Solution istead of using 'docker run' we can use docker start one a container is created to start that created container.

Learnt: Whenever there is a change in code we need to rebuild container image using "docker build" 
and then run a new container using "docker run" on that image 
then docker start to run that container

Problem: Depolyment of postgres db , two options wew there
"Supabase" and "Neon"

since Supabase contains a lot of extra feature like authentications and apis and other stuff and im doing this in my code by myself 
but neon is something i need as i already have my postgres locally that just needed to be deployed and no need of all other stuff.

Now for deploying redis to upstash 
upstash provides rest API connection and TCP string connection
used TCP string as rest api is not suitable for list data that we have used in flushing.

Problem 1) is that for upstash instead of separately providing redis host and port that i did in case of local redis
is not the case we need to generate redisClient using redisUrl

Solution: So instead of providing it with port and host separately we provide it with a single URL.

Problem: Some time connection between redis and node process drop may be of different reasons 
This is something not preventive as the cost of talking to someone on other network.
It causes 1) client to disconnect and dont try to reconnect, no data to db 2) Secondly it can crash the whole process

Solution: Using retrystrategy function to provide ioredis with miliseconds that tells ioredis that this is the time after which you should try.

7/15/2026

Now to deploy on Fly.io.
downloaded flyctl that act as an inteface between me and fly.io server
It is commandline base tool
then "fly auth login" to login in the fly.io

Problem:
1) fly ,using http_service block, by defalut sent http requests to these deployed servers for health check
since i deploying server.js and worker-flush.js separately sp when a request is sent to worker-flush.js there wont be any response as it is not a server
so it will cause a failure response 

Solution: Explicity telling fly to send http request to sever.js only by using [http_service]

Now that i have cancelled my plan to deploy it on fly.io as it is gonna be paid.

Now im going to move to adding validations 
Since i dont want onl from frontend to validate data as data can be sent by curl and postman
So rather than relying on frontend validation i m gonna make validation in my backend side

Pass through a new sort of function called curried function
These sort of function return a function unlike callback funtions who take function as an argument.

7/20/2026
Completed validation today of all modules 
I have learnt quite a lot about "zod" a validation package that is used to validate the data coming from client on runtime and sent back with error code before hitting main logic of code
Learnt about some new functionality like .parse .refine .superRefine .regex of zod 

Learnt about Groupby in sql that makes group of rows on the basis of same values of column mentioned.

7/22/2026
Problem) How to send mail to user for email verification

Solution):
Now i m gonna be adding email verfication module and for this im gonna be using "Resend"
As i have found this one quite easy to use, provide wit a restAPI, handle all protocol level config itself, builtin dashboard to check if any problem facing.
instead these things are missing in nodemailer even though its not a 3rd party service still a lot of burden to handle.

Then for signup Im creating diff token fields for sigup verification and email change verification as this is professional approach to have different security tokens for different fields by OWASP

Run through npx commands npx prisma migrate dev -> for development stage, create new migrations
npx prisma migrate deploy -> use fro deployment or when you wanna use already created migrations not creating new migrations
npx prisma migrate reset -> Wipe dev db completely and reapplied all migrations from scratch
npx prisma migrate status -> shows which migrations have been applied and which are pending
